The final project for IT 230 was separated into two parts. Part I (ConsoleRegisterStudent) consists of a console program that enables students to register for courses. Part II of the final project (WPFRegisterStudent) is a WPF that is the graphical user interface counterpart to the above console program. 
The program provides a list of available courses, each having three credit hours, then validates the user selection and registers the student for the course. The program then outputs a current list of registered courses. Additional requirements include: a student cannot register for more than nine credit hours and a student cannot register for the same course more than once. If either is attempted, a relevant error message is displayed.
While creating this program, I focused on keeping the code simple and efficient. I fulfilled all requirements and goals while keeping the program user-friendly and easily maintained. 
In comparing the console and WPF application designs, they both fulfilled requirements, however the WPF design was much more user-friendly. The UI for the WPF limited potential exceptions such as incorrect user input with the drop-down list of courses. Additionally, the list of registered courses and total credit hours were easy to understand and pleasing to the eye. This was done by using a listBox and textBox instead of listing them on one line as was done in the console application. 
The process of creating this program was straightforward. I used the software requirements as an outline and plan. After each requirement was coded, I would then debug and test it to ensure correct behavior. Testing throughout the entirety of the process is critical to successful programs and additionally minimizes errors when testing the completed project. 
Overall, the development of this program gave me the opportunity to grow my knowledge and experience in C# programming and WPF applications. GUI and user/client software requirements are a large part of software development and I was able to develop these skills in particular while creating the program.

